Hello, . My name is Agent Easy. I from LiveEasy insurance company/agency. We are expanding our insurance coverage to your area. Do you have a few seconds for me to tell you about our services? Because I think we can save you money on insurance premiums.
Thanks, . On average, we have saved our customers $100 per year on insurance, and we have many five-star reviews from our customers. If you want, I can send you the custom quote over email.
Thanks, . Our insurance program lets you combine your LiveEasy insurance with your PQR insurance renewal. By combining these insurance policies, we can lower your policy costs and provide a quicker turn around for your claims. You know, we are the only insurance provider in Minnesota that currently offers this policy combination and savings.
Hi, am I speaking to ?
Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance company. I am calling to let you know that our company is offering free custom quotes on many policies.
Hi, . My name is Agent Easy, and I am calling to thank you for being a valued client. Do you have a couple of minutes to talk?
I understand. Shall I give you a call tomorrow, or what time suits you?
Do you currently have car insurance?
Hello . My name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance company. You may have heard that we cannot beat ABC insurance company's rates, but in fact, we do not want to.
Thank you, . I will email you the details asap.
Hi,  there?
, I am Agent Easy from LiveEasy Insurance. This call is with regards to your query on our website.
Sure, but let me tell you – there is no application fee, and you can get a 20% discount on insurance premium today. I only need some information to offer the best deal. So, you said you live in California with your husband and two children. Am I right?
Out of these three insurance policies, which one fits your needs the best?
I agree with you. That was my pick as well. Your neighbor Alicia also bought the same policy and is happy with it. I just need some information to process the application for you. So, you spell your name as ?
Absolutely, no problem. So, I will send you the details by email so that your friend will have all the information he needs. Meanwhile, if you can help me with some basic information, I can also arrange a personalized quote as well. So, your date of birth is?
Hello, am I speaking to ?
Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance company. How have you been?
That's great, . The reason I am calling today is to talk about your business insurance. Can you tell me a bit about your current business insurance cover?
That's awesome. Would you consider a total insurance policy review and audit? We will be able to tell you where you are covered right now if anything goes wrong, and what better options our insurance company can offer in the same price range. We can also provide a competitive quote on your business/commercial insurance, even for when it renews.
Hello, am I speaking to ?
Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance company. How have you been?
That's great. I am calling you because I saw that you have recently purchased a property. Congratulations! I was interested to know if you have already taken out a mortgage protection insurance.
It is great to know that you already have insurance in place. Could I ask how long your mortgage is? Depending on the term, I can check what type of insurance policy would benefit you the most and where you could save some money.
Nice. Well, it is always great to explore more options for informed and better decisions, especially when you are a new property owner. I do know that paying the mortgage is your main priority right now. So, based on the information, the LiveEasy policy can help you better.
Hello, am I speaking to ?
Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance company. How have you been?
That's great. I am calling with regards to the health insurance information you recently requested online. I am looking at the information you submitted here, and it seems that you are considering a [x] policy with [x] number of years and an [x] amount of benefit. Is that correct?
Hi, I am Agent Easy from LiveEasy Insurance. I am calling to let you know that the LiveEasy insurance company has just released new rates that can save you up to 50% on your health insurance premiums. Can I explain further?
No problem, can we send you the information via email?
Great, please help me with your email address. Also, can I call you tomorrow to go over all the insurance plans and the new prices?
Hi . Agent Easy this side from LiveEasy insurance. , I know you are busy. So I will be quick. Last month we saved PQR company $10000 on their group insurance policy for employees. I thought you would also be interested in saving on premiums.
Hi there, is this ? Agent Easy this side from LiveEasy insurance.
I understand. The reason I am calling is to let you know that we are offering very competitive quotes that could save you lots of money. Do you have a quick 30 seconds to hear about our service?
Thanks, . With the new rates we're offering, we have saved our customers about $325 per year on auto insurance. We have hundreds of five-star reviews on Google. You can see what others have to say. I know you're in a hurry, but if I could have your email address, I could send you more details. Would you be open to that?
Hi there, is this ? Agent Easy this side from LiveEasy insurance.
, the reason for my call is to talk about how you can protect yourself and your family if something happened that stopped you from working. We all know that life can be unpredictable. Sometimes an unexpected injury or illness can keep you from working for weeks or maybe even months.
Sure, . I understand. Our consultation calls only take a few minutes. In this, we walk you through all your options and rates. There is no commitment for you to sign up. If you're free sometime in the evening tomorrow, can I schedule a call?
Hello,? I’m Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I’m calling as many of our clients are finding [relevant pain point].I specialize in insurance for [appropriate demographic], helping people like you. I wondered if you’ve been experiencing [pain point] yourself and whether I can assist?I’m interested in whether you have/haven’t had issues with [pain point]. Our product offers [benefits], so I think I can help you out there. Can you tell me more about what you want from your insurance?Thank you. It’s been great talking with you. I’ll send those PDFs to you in a moment. Look through them when you can, and I’ll call you back in a few days. Thanks again for your time!
Hello, I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. My name is Agent Easy. I hope that this is a good time for you to talk?Many of our clients have struggled with [painpoint]. It’s tough to crack, but it’s very important for your continued well-being. Does this sound similar to you?I understand you perfectly. Our company offers several solutions that would prove useful in these situations. I would like to arrange another call to discuss them in detail and propose an offer. What day would be best for you?
Hello, My name is Agent Easy, and I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. I hope this is a good time for a quick chat?I am contacting you because several products we’ve recently introduced may be interesting to you. For example, our flagship, the [product name], would be a perfect option for your lifestyle. We have prepared a tailored offer just for you. Would you like to hear more about it? When can you arrange a longer call on this topic?Excellent, [scheduled time and date] would be great. I will call you then. Thanks for your time, and have a nice day!
Hello, . My name is Agent Easy. I am from LiveEasy insurance. We are expanding our insurance coverage to your area. Do you have a few seconds for me to tell you about our services? Because I think we can save you money on insurance premiums.I have some work to rush to, but I can give you 15 seconds.
Thanks, . On average, we have saved our customers $100 per year on insurance, and we have many five-star reviews from our customers. If you want, I can email you the custom quote.
Thanks, . Our insurance program lets you combine your LiveEasy insurance insurance with your PQR insurance renewal. By combining these insurance policies, we can lower your policy costs and provide a quicker turnaround for your claims. We are the only insurance provider in [Country/State] that currently offers this policy combination and savings.If I have your email address, I can send you all the details. Also, I would love to set up a 10-minute call to discuss our insurance policies and how our firm can save you money. How about tomorrow?
Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance. I am informing you that our company offers free custom quotes on many policies.Of course, you are not obligated to buy. It is so that you can see what insurance options are available to you and your family.We have already saved our customers over $100 yearly on insurance. Would this be of any interest to you?If the prospect says yes but does not have the time to discuss, you can offer to email and set an appointment for a later day. If the prospect is willing to continue the call, continue with your sales proposition.
Hello . My name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance. You may have heard that we cannot beat [Competitor] insurance rates, but we do not want to.LiveEasy insurance customers value our ability and quick measures to take care of everything from the moment you call us with a claim.Plus, we will take care of:Getting you a loaner carScheduling an adjustor immediatelyDealing directly with a qualified auto repair service station on your behalfReturning your vehicle as soon as possible.A 30-days money-back guarantee.
Sure, but let me tell you – there is no application fee, and you can get a 20% discount on insurance premiums today. I only need some information to offer the best deal. So, you said you live in [Country/State] with your husband and two children. Am I right?
You’ve mentioned before that the third one of our insurance policies fits you best, and I’d have to agree. Your neighbor [Name] also bought the same policy and is happy. I just need some information to process the application for you.
No problem. I will email you the details so that your friend has all the information he needs. Meanwhile, if you can help me with some basic information, I can also arrange a personalized quote. So, what is your date of birth?
Hi, I am Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. Our insurance company has just released new rates that can save you up to 50% on your health insurance premiums. Can I explain further?
Hi . This is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I am calling you because we have some surprises for our new members. Our company offers various insurance products for rainy days you might find handy. There is currently a [X]% discount for new clients joining this month. Would you like to hear more?
Hi , I have some great news—I’ve identified a potential opportunity for you to save on your insurance premiums without sacrificing coverage. Would you be interested in exploring your options?
Good morning/evening, We haven’t had a chance to talk beforehand, but [Mutual Contact] gave me your number and indicated that you may be interested in our insurance offering.[Mutual Contact] recently signed up with us for [Product] to make use of our [Benefit/Value] and they’ve been so happy that they wanted me to offer you the same thing. Would you be interested in hearing more?
Hi . Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance here. I know you are busy. So I will be quick. Last month, we saved [Client] $ 10,000 on their group insurance policy for employees. You may also be interested in saving on premiums.
Hello, This is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I am calling regarding our latest insurance product you might be interested in.According to our research, it’s the perfect thing for people with a similar lifestyle to yours and features a number of benefits compared to other products on the market, including [Benefits].I would appreciate it if you give me a call back if you’re interested, and I will tell you more. Once again, this is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. You can reach me either on this number or via my email [Email] .
Hello, My name is Agent Easy, and I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. I am reaching out because you didn’t respond to my previous voice message.I understand you are busy and don’t have much spare time, but it won’t be a long conversation. So I want to present you with our latest offer and propose unique conditions for you. Would you give me a few minutes of your time?