“Hello,? I’m Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I’m calling as many of our clients are finding [relevant pain point].”“I specialize in insurance for [appropriate demographic], helping people like you. I wondered if you’ve been experiencing [pain point] yourself and whether I can assist?”“I’m interested in whether you have/haven’t had issues with [pain point]. Our product offers [benefits], so I think I can help you out there. Can you tell me more about what you want from your insurance?”“Thank you. It’s been great talking with you. I’ll send those PDFs to you in a moment. Look through them when you can, and I’ll call you back in a few days. Thanks again for your time!”
“Hello, I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. My name is Agent Easy. I hope that this is a good time for you to talk?”“Many of our clients have struggled with [painpoint]. It’s tough to crack, but it’s very important for your continued well-being. Does this sound similar to you?”“I understand you perfectly. Our company offers several solutions that would prove useful in these situations. I would like to arrange another call to discuss them in detail and propose an offer. What day would be best for you?”
“Hello, My name is Agent Easy, and I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. I hope this is a good time for a quick chat?”“I am contacting you because several products we’ve recently introduced may be interesting to you. For example, our flagship, the [product name], would be a perfect option for your lifestyle. “We have prepared a tailored offer just for you. Would you like to hear more about it? When can you arrange a longer call on this topic?”“Excellent, [scheduled time and date] would be great. I will call you then. Thanks for your time, and have a nice day!”
“Hello, . My name is Agent Easy. I am from LiveEasy insurance. We are expanding our insurance coverage to your area. Do you have a few seconds for me to tell you about our services? Because I think we can save you money on insurance premiums.”“I have some work to rush to, but I can give you 15 seconds.”
Thanks, . On average, we have saved our customers $100 per year on insurance, and we have many five-star reviews from our customers. If you want, I can email you the custom quote.
“Thanks, . Our insurance program lets you combine your LiveEasy insurance insurance with your PQR insurance renewal. By combining these insurance policies, we can lower your policy costs and provide a quicker turnaround for your claims. “We are the only insurance provider in [Country/State] that currently offers this policy combination and savings.”“If I have your email address, I can send you all the details. Also, I would love to set up a 10-minute call to discuss our insurance policies and how our firm can save you money. How about tomorrow?”
“Hi , my name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance. I am informing you that our company offers free custom quotes on many policies.”“Of course, you are not obligated to buy. It is so that you can see what insurance options are available to you and your family.”“We have already saved our customers over $100 yearly on insurance. Would this be of any interest to you?”“If the prospect says yes but does not have the time to discuss, you can offer to email and set an appointment for a later day. If the prospect is willing to continue the call, continue with your sales proposition.”
“Hello . My name is Agent Easy, and I am from LiveEasy insurance. You may have heard that we cannot beat [Competitor] insurance rates, but we do not want to.”“LiveEasy insurance customers value our ability and quick measures to take care of everything from the moment you call us with a claim.”“Plus, we will take care of:Getting you a loaner carScheduling an adjustor immediatelyDealing directly with a qualified auto repair service station on your behalfReturning your vehicle as soon as possible.A 30-days money-back guarantee.”
“Sure, but let me tell you – there is no application fee, and you can get a 20% discount on insurance premiums today. I only need some information to offer the best deal. So, you said you live in [Country/State] with your husband and two children. Am I right?”
“You’ve mentioned before that the third one of our insurance policies fits you best, and I’d have to agree. Your neighbor [Name] also bought the same policy and is happy. I just need some information to process the application for you.”
“No problem. I will email you the details so that your friend has all the information he needs. Meanwhile, if you can help me with some basic information, I can also arrange a personalized quote. So, what is your date of birth?”
“Hi, I am Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. Our insurance company has just released new rates that can save you up to 50% on your health insurance premiums. Can I explain further?”
“Hi . This is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I am calling you because we have some surprises for our new members. Our company offers various insurance products for rainy days you might find handy. There is currently a [X]% discount for new clients joining this month. Would you like to hear more?”
“Hi , I have some great news—I’ve identified a potential opportunity for you to save on your insurance premiums without sacrificing coverage. Would you be interested in exploring your options?”
“Good morning/evening, We haven’t had a chance to talk beforehand, but [Mutual Contact] gave me your number and indicated that you may be interested in our insurance offering.”“[Mutual Contact] recently signed up with us for [Product] to make use of our [Benefit/Value] and they’ve been so happy that they wanted me to offer you the same thing. Would you be interested in hearing more?”
“Hi . Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance here. I know you are busy. So I will be quick. Last month, we saved [Client] $ 10,000 on their group insurance policy for employees. You may also be interested in saving on premiums.”
“Hello, This is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. I am calling regarding our latest insurance product you might be interested in.According to our research, it’s the perfect thing for people with a similar lifestyle to yours and features a number of benefits compared to other products on the market, including [Benefits].I would appreciate it if you give me a call back if you’re interested, and I will tell you more. Once again, this is Agent Easy from LiveEasy insurance. You can reach me either on this number or via my email [Email] .”
“Hello, My name is Agent Easy, and I am calling from LiveEasy insurance. I am reaching out because you didn’t respond to my previous voice message.”“I understand you are busy and don’t have much spare time, but it won’t be a long conversation. So I want to present you with our latest offer and propose unique conditions for you. Would you give me a few minutes of your time?”
